Create Ethereum guides (#8757)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/guides/index.md

---

> title: Ethereum Guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Ethereum guides
```

description: A collection of practical guides explaining the basics of using crypto for beginners.
lang: en
---

> # Ethereum Guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ethereum guides
```

> Do you want to start your crypto journey? It can be difficult to understand and use all the new technology. These guides will teach you how to get started step by step in a practical manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to start your Ethereum journey? It can be confusing to use and understand new technology. Our guides will teach you how to get started step-by-step.
```

---
title: Ethereum guides
description: A collection of practical guides explaining the basics of using Ethereum for beginners.
lang: en
---

# Ethereum guides

Do you want to start your Ethereum journey? It can be confusing to use and understand new technology. Our practical guides will teach you how to get started step-by-step.

## Getting started

1. [How to: "Register" an Ethereum account](/guides/how-to-register-an-ethereum-account/) - You will learn that you need a wallet app and the guide will show you where to find one.

2. [How to: Use a wallet](/guides/how-to-use-a-wallet/) - An introduction to basic features of any wallet and how to use them.

> ## Security basics
> 1. [How to: Revoke smart contract access to your crypto funds](/guides/how-to-revoke-token-access/) - If you suddenly see a transaction in your wallet that you did not initiate, this guide will teach you how to prevent that from hapening again.
> 
> ## Using Ethereum
> 1. [How to: Bridge tokens to layer 2](/guides/how-to-use-a-bridge/) - Are Ethereum transactions too costly? Consider moving to Ethereum scaling solutions called layer 2s. 
> 2. [How to: Swap tokens](/guides/how-to-swap-tokens/) - Do you want to exchange your tokens for a different one? A simple guide how to do that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Security basics

1. [How to: Revoke smart contract access to your crypto funds](/guides/how-to-revoke-token-access/) - If you suddenly see a transaction in your wallet that you did not initiate, this guide will teach you how to prevent that from hapening again.

## Using Ethereum

1. [How to: Bridge tokens to layer 2](/guides/how-to-use-a-bridge/) - Are Ethereum transactions too costly? Consider moving to Ethereum scaling solutions called layer 2s. 

2. [How to: Swap tokens](/guides/how-to-swap-tokens/) - Do you want to exchange your tokens for a different one? A simple guide how to do that.
```

---
title: Ethereum Guides
description: A collection of practical guides explaining the basics of using crypto for beginners.
lang: en
---

# Ethereum Guides

> A collection of practical guides explaining the basics of using crypto for beginners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of practical guides explaining the basics of using Ethereum for beginners.
```
